This is what, 1979?
1979, yeah.
And that just went from strength to strength.
I really never looked back.
We went through all the various recessions,
the 80s, and we went
another recession, I don't know,
whenever it was, about 2000.
Usually, it was all
geared to the price of silver.
If silver went up, our stuff
was made of copper and silver.
It was much harder to sell stuff.
Once you had to buy silver
at a high price, and you couldn't really
increase the selling price.
But we came through all that, and then
at its peak, I was employing
30 people. We had
three units. We had a company in
Manchester. And then in
2003, I decided that
I got nearly 70
that I wanted to retire.
So one of my competitors
bought it out, and promptly
closed it down.
They just wanted to get rid of a competitor,
which was fair enough, but they left me
with a battery company.
And then we went into partnership
with a big firm in India,
which actually made the batteries, and we
just sold them here.
Well, in the end, we were turning
over 6 million. It was a
big company. And then the Indians
decided that they either
wanted us to buy them out, or
they would buy us out.
By then, I was
well into my 70s,
nearly 80. I didn't want to work anymore.
And we sold the shares.
My daughter stayed on for a bit longer.
She was working with me, but
then she left as well,
because she couldn't stand working for the Indians.
She started her shop,
which is by the station in Panaath.
And now I work for my daughter.
Packing parcels.
That's your morning job,
aren't you? The wheelers can't fall
in a circle, isn't it? Electrical spare parts,
and you said you had some units. Where were they?
They were on East Moors Road
in Cardiff.
It's down by the
steelworks.
And that was employing 30 people?
Well, at its peak, yes.
It started off with just a handful,
but gradually it just grew and
grew and grew. We had 6 reps,
people travelling round,
and we supplied all spares
for every Maker forklift truck.
We went to all the
big users, the supermarkets,
to Sainsbury's,
to Tesco's, to Safeways.
We supplied them all, and we
even supplied the
Makers of the forklift trucks,
the big firms like Lansing
Bagnall or Heister or
Jungheinrich, because they
needed other people's spares,
you see. Lansing Bagnall
would need spares for Heister trucks.
Now, they didn't want to go to Heister
to buy them. They would come to us.
It all worked very well.
It was great fun.